Release v0.5.1 for bpfman repo (#1228)
bpfman/bpfman: changelogs/CHANGELOG-v0.5.1.md

> The v0.5.1 release is a patch release which introduced bytecode image spec update to support multi arch and
> update XDP dispatcher to point to a released tag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The v0.5.1 release is a patch release that introduced a bytecode image spec update to support multiple images and adds build tooling for bytecode images.  It also makes some changes so that the main branch uses the "latest" versions of the XDP and TC dispatchers, and released versions use the version supported by the release.
```

* update Aya to pick fix PR #1004 by @msherif1234 in https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman/pull/1208
* Fix FromAsCasing warnings in container files by 
@frobware
 in https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman/pull/1209
* chore(deps): update konflux references by @red-hat-konflux in https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman/pull/1210
* CNCF required website updates by @anfredette in https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman/pull/1211
* bpfman: dispatcher should point to release tag by @Billy99 in https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman/pull/1217
* build(deps): bump the production-dependencies group across 1 directory with 11 updates by @dependabot in https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman/pull/1218
* build(deps): bump sigstore/cosign-installer from 3.5.0 to 3.6.0 in the production-dependencies group by @dependabot in https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman/pull/1219
* bpfman: Failed dispatcher load corrupts DB by @Billy99 in https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman/pull/1223
* bpfman-cli: bpfman get of non-bpfman loaded prog fails by @Billy99 in https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman/pull/1225
* bpfman: restore caps for bpfman-rpc as a service by @Billy99 in https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman/pull/1226
## New Contributors

> * @red-hat-konflux made their first contribution in https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman/pull/1194

Reviewer: I'd delete the red-hat-konflux contributor line.
